Dr. Tyson, I want to do exactly what you do.
What did you study to be where you are right now?
Neil: I studied physics and math both of which
constitute the language of the universe.
In the same way you want if you go
to China you learn Mandarin you speak to
people there, and you learn Spanish to
go to Spain you speak to people there.
You want to speak to the universe
and understand what it's telling you,
you gotta speak its language.
It's math and physics basically. The
foundations of the sciences. And so
that's what I did. So I majored in
physics in college and then got a
PhD in astrophysics and then you are
conversant. But I do these other
things - I write books and this sort of thing -
so I think a lot about how people learn
and how they pay attention and so I fold
in what I know with what it is to share
that love. Then I'm just doing what Carl
Sagan said you do. "When you're in love
you want to tell the world."
Chuck: Ooh, how romantic!
that we do can be found commercial-free
plus exclusive original content all on
Startalk all-access com